update: help Mac users resolve ulimit errors when writing CSV (#2491). (#2541)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/write-data/developer-tools/csv.md

Error: Failed to write data: unexpected error writing points to database: [shard <#>] fcntl: too many open files.
```

> To fix this error on Linux or Mac OS, run the following command to increase the number of open files allowed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this error on Linux or macOS, run the following command to increase the number of open files allowed:
```

  ```
  ulimit -n 10000
  ```

> Mac OS users, to persist the `ulimit` setting, follow the [recommended steps](https://unix.stackexchange.com/a/221988/471569) for your OS version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
macOS users, to persist the `ulimit` setting, follow the [recommended steps](https://unix.stackexchange.com/a/221988/471569) for your operating system version.
```
